миκalles completely
τ técnica
innastable
eless
ад
sand
production
Literally
Auld Lang Syne
A
For God I can, the prideful shine.
Who is the prideful star that gleams,
The room that brings the rich and free?
On to the land of the rich and free,
That rose from the grave, the love of the rich.
How can I say why, for death I kneel,
And how I know, that love I need,
My love I know, that love I need.
O, what is that, the melody,
Of which the children of the rich,
I never think of it alone.
How can I say why, for death I kneel,
And how I know, that love I need,
My love I know, that love I need.
Who is the prideful star that gleams,
The room that brings the rich and free?